README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/sorianocarlitos/Shortpoet/_apis/build/status/shortpoet.Shortpoet?branchName=dev)

# Shortpoet
https://shortpoet.scm.azurewebsites.net/DebugConsole=
https://dev.azure.com/sorianocarlitos/Shortpoet/_apis/serviceendpoint/endpoints?api-version=5.0-preview.2

- Setting ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT to "Production" enabled app to read from build "dist" and deployed correctly.  
    - ?? figure out how to run the node server in development

http://vorillaz.github.io/devicons/#/main
https://www.hexcolortool.com/#b56036
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50778850/vue-cli-favicon

http://embedresponsively.com/
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram/embedding/#get--p--post-url--media

https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/home?pli=1
https://domains.google.com/m/registrar?d=shortpoet.com#d=shortpoet.com

https://github.com/oleg-agapov/my-portfolio
https://codeburst.io/how-i-created-seo-friendly-portfolio-cv-website-and-hosted-it-on-github-d5c4da43cf2f
https://gauger.io/fonticon/
https://blog.emojipedia.org/emoji-flags-explained/
https://alligator.io/vuejs/vue-modal-component/
http://vorillaz.github.io/devicons/#/main
https://github.com/feathericons/feather

# Azure

- when setting up test app aspnetcore_environment staging variable didn't seem to get set in kudu so when/choose in csproj was failing
- set it in pipelines also ensured cross-env is npm installed so that backend_prefix can be set in package.json
- also need to enable new ip

# azure links

https://github.com/Azure-Samples

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/azure-apps/?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=netcore-cli#deploy-an-aspnet-core-app-that-uses-a-net-core-preview

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-function-app?view=azure-devops#troubleshooting

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/utility/archive-files?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/scripts/cli-deploy-local-git?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-local-git

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-common#default-documents

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-cli?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/cli/service_endpoint?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/build-applications-with-azure-devops/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/scripts/cli-deploy-local-git?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild?view=vs-2019

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/host-build-agent/6-clean-up-environment

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app?view=azure-devops#troubleshooting

# azure config

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/webapp/config/connection-string?view=azure-cli-latest#az-webapp-config-connection-string-set

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-common

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://aspnetcoreon.azurewebsites.net/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/azure-apps/?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=netcore-cli#deploy-an-aspnet-core-app-that-uses-a-net-core-preview

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59241957/net-core-3-1-not-yet-supported-in-azure-pipelines-hosted-agents-getting-netsdk/59243634#59243634

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56574113/build-net-core-3-0-on-azure-pipelines/56574356#56574356

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/targets/webapp?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml


# azure sql

https://markheath.net/post/connect-web-app-sql-database-azure-cli

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/tutorial-dotnetcore-sqldb-app

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/scripts/sql-database-create-and-configure-database-cli?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cli-samples?tabs=single-database

# azure cli 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-windows?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cli-samples?toc=%2Fcli%2Fazure%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fcli%2Fazure%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json&tabs=single-database

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/appservice?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/appservice/plan?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser#run-a-pipeline

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ext/azure-devops/pipelines/runs?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-cli?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/cli/service_endpoint?view=azure-devops



# azure scripts

https://markheath.net/post/connect-web-app-sql-database-azure-cli

https://blogs.perficient.com/2019/07/11/episerver-how-to-quickly-create-environments-with-azure-cli/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-ssl-certificate#upload-a-public-certificate

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app-deployment?view=azure-devops#sample-post-deployment-script

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/scripts/sql-database-create-and-configure-database-cli?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42972086/azure-cli-in-git-bash

# azure deploy

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app-deployment?view=azure-devops#sample-post-deployment-script

# azure identity

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/identity?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=visual-studio#prevent-publish-of-static-identity-assets

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/scaffold-identity?view=aspnetcore-3.0&tabs=visual-studio#scaffold-identity-into-a-razor-project-with-authorization

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/platform-specific-configuration?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/enforcing-ssl?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=visual-studio#require-https

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/tutorial-register-applications?tabs=applications

https://www.identityserver.com/documentation/adminui/Configuration_and_Integration/Configuring_AdminUI/

https://www.identityserver.com/documentation/adminui/Installation/Installation_Azure/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57246219/how-to-configure-key-settings-for-identityserver-in-appsettings-json-for-aspnet

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/key-vault-configuration?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-authentication-authorization

https://forums.asp.net/t/2150518.aspx?InvalidOperationException+No+service+for+type+Microsoft+AspNetCore+Identity+UserManager+1+Microsoft+AspNetCore+Identity+IdentityUser+has+been+registered+

# dotnet / ef

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/tools/dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/miscellaneous/cli/dotnet

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/scaffolding

https://www.learnentityframeworkcore.com/walkthroughs/existing-database

https://www.entityframeworktutorial.net/efcore/cli-commands-for-ef-core-migration.aspx

https://www.red-gate.com/simple-talk/sql/database-administration/using-migration-scripts-in-database-deployments/

https://codeburst.io/how-i-created-seo-friendly-portfolio-cv-website-and-hosted-it-on-github-d5c4da43cf2f

https://github.com/webdevsuperfast/startbootstrap-resume-vue

https://dev.to/amruthpillai/ever-dreamed-of-a-free-and-open-source-resume-builder-that-doesn-t-store-your-data-meet-reactive-resume-1dpl

# debug 

https://www.dotnetcurry.com/aspnet/1373/debugging-aspnet-core-using-visual-studio-code

- node.js continues to run process after VS stop debug

    - https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5204

    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14790910/stop-all-instances-of-node-js-server

# todo

- optimize 
    - css
        - single page
        - vars
        - purge
    - fonts
        - import indiv fonts
        - [dom.watch](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/with-the-api/methods/dom-i2svg)

    - ssr for priamry pages

Commit message:

almost there with this tricky document testing - just need to figure out how to match the removeeventlisteners calls

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/sorianocarlitos/Shortpoet/_apis/build/status/shortpoet.Shortpoet?branchName=dev)

# Shortpoet
https://shortpoet.scm.azurewebsites.net/DebugConsole=
https://dev.azure.com/sorianocarlitos/Shortpoet/_apis/serviceendpoint/endpoints?api-version=5.0-preview.2

- Setting ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT to "Production" enabled app to read from build "dist" and deployed correctly.  
    - ?? figure out how to run the node server in development

http://vorillaz.github.io/devicons/#/main
https://www.hexcolortool.com/#b56036
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50778850/vue-cli-favicon

http://embedresponsively.com/
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram/embedding/#get--p--post-url--media

https://www.google.com/webmasters/verification/home?pli=1
https://domains.google.com/m/registrar?d=shortpoet.com#d=shortpoet.com

https://github.com/oleg-agapov/my-portfolio
https://codeburst.io/how-i-created-seo-friendly-portfolio-cv-website-and-hosted-it-on-github-d5c4da43cf2f
https://gauger.io/fonticon/
https://blog.emojipedia.org/emoji-flags-explained/
https://alligator.io/vuejs/vue-modal-component/
http://vorillaz.github.io/devicons/#/main
https://github.com/feathericons/feather
# Azure

- when setting up test app aspnetcore_environment staging variable didn't seem to get set in kudu so when/choose in csproj was failing
- set it in pipelines also ensured cross-env is npm installed so that backend_prefix can be set in package.json
- also need to enable new ip

# azure links

https://github.com/Azure-Samples

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/azure-apps/?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=netcore-cli#deploy-an-aspnet-core-app-that-uses-a-net-core-preview

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-function-app?view=azure-devops#troubleshooting

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/phases?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/utility/archive-files?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/scripts/cli-deploy-local-git?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/deploy-local-git

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-common#default-documents

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-cli?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/cli/service_endpoint?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/paths/build-applications-with-azure-devops/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/scripts/cli-deploy-local-git?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/msbuild/msbuild?view=vs-2019

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/host-build-agent/6-clean-up-environment

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app?view=azure-devops#troubleshooting

# azure config

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/webapp/config/connection-string?view=azure-cli-latest#az-webapp-config-connection-string-set

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-common

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/configure-language-dotnetcore#access-environment-variables

https://aspnetcoreon.azurewebsites.net/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/azure-apps/?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=netcore-cli#deploy-an-aspnet-core-app-that-uses-a-net-core-preview

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59241957/net-core-3-1-not-yet-supported-in-azure-pipelines-hosted-agents-getting-netsdk/59243634#59243634

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56574113/build-net-core-3-0-on-azure-pipelines/56574356#56574356

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/targets/webapp?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml


# azure sql

https://markheath.net/post/connect-web-app-sql-database-azure-cli

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/containers/tutorial-dotnetcore-sqldb-app

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/scripts/sql-database-create-and-configure-database-cli?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cli-samples?tabs=single-database

# azure cli 

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-windows?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cli-samples?toc=%2Fcli%2Fazure%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2Fcli%2Fazure%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json&tabs=single-database

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/appservice?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/appservice/plan?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser#run-a-pipeline

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ext/azure-devops/pipelines/runs?view=azure-cli-latest

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-cli?view=azure-devops

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/create-first-pipeline-cli?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/cli/service_endpoint?view=azure-devops



# azure scripts

https://markheath.net/post/connect-web-app-sql-database-azure-cli

https://blogs.perficient.com/2019/07/11/episerver-how-to-quickly-create-environments-with-azure-cli/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-ssl-certificate#upload-a-public-certificate

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app-deployment?view=azure-devops#sample-post-deployment-script

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/scripts/sql-database-create-and-configure-database-cli?toc=%2fcli%2fazure%2ftoc.json

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42972086/azure-cli-in-git-bash

# azure deploy

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/deploy/azure-rm-web-app-deployment?view=azure-devops#sample-post-deployment-script

# azure identity

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/identity?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=visual-studio#prevent-publish-of-static-identity-assets

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/authentication/scaffold-identity?view=aspnetcore-3.0&tabs=visual-studio#scaffold-identity-into-a-razor-project-with-authorization

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/platform-specific-configuration?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/enforcing-ssl?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=visual-studio#require-https

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/tutorial-register-applications?tabs=applications

https://www.identityserver.com/documentation/adminui/Configuration_and_Integration/Configuring_AdminUI/

https://www.identityserver.com/documentation/adminui/Installation/Installation_Azure/

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57246219/how-to-configure-key-settings-for-identityserver-in-appsettings-json-for-aspnet

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/key-vault-configuration?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-authentication-authorization

https://forums.asp.net/t/2150518.aspx?InvalidOperationException+No+service+for+type+Microsoft+AspNetCore+Identity+UserManager+1+Microsoft+AspNetCore+Identity+IdentityUser+has+been+registered+

# dotnet / ef

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/tools/dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator?view=aspnetcore-3.1

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/miscellaneous/cli/dotnet

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/scaffolding

https://www.learnentityframeworkcore.com/walkthroughs/existing-database

https://www.entityframeworktutorial.net/efcore/cli-commands-for-ef-core-migration.aspx

https://www.red-gate.com/simple-talk/sql/database-administration/using-migration-scripts-in-database-deployments/

https://codeburst.io/how-i-created-seo-friendly-portfolio-cv-website-and-hosted-it-on-github-d5c4da43cf2f

https://github.com/webdevsuperfast/startbootstrap-resume-vue

https://dev.to/amruthpillai/ever-dreamed-of-a-free-and-open-source-resume-builder-that-doesn-t-store-your-data-meet-reactive-resume-1dpl

# debug 

https://www.dotnetcurry.com/aspnet/1373/debugging-aspnet-core-using-visual-studio-code

- node.js continues to run process after VS stop debug

    - https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/5204

    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14790910/stop-all-instances-of-node-js-server

# Testing

https://codewithhugo.com/a-simple-real-world-vue.js-directive/
https://github.com/vuejs/vue-test-utils/issues/230#issuecomment-350457377
https://focusedlabs.io/blog/global-keyboard-shortcuts-in-vue-with-tests
// always make sure to destroy when using attachToDocument
    wrapper.destroy();
Once we attach our component to a document, we can use wrapper.trigger to simulate our keypresses.
# todo

- optimize 
    - css
        - single page
        - vars
        - purge
    - fonts
        - import indiv fonts
        - [dom.watch](https://fontawesome.com/how-to-use/with-the-api/methods/dom-i2svg)

    - ssr for priamry pages
